# 2025-08-04

12:27pm: Is there any way to make more efficient the request to Supabase for the images? Because it feels like it's a lot that I'm trying to request right now. I'm sending 5 requests per profile, so every time that they log in, this is a lot of requests as you scale up the profile. So I wanna see if I can somehow bunch them together or maybe I just make a request to get all the assets that are in a folder. Get the entire folder, and unpack it myself. But this is a lot of requests and I want to see if there's a way to streamline that. Something to do later on, but at least something to do still.

I think I should consider creating a local mode as well to ElevenLabs to have a stub recording for a voice. One that's already in Supabase so that every time that I run the app I don't have to regenerate the voice component. I do this for the generation in D-ID because the generation of the video is so expensive. But, I don't have to do it that way. I don't have to do it that way and I can do it in a more intelligent way next time. Right now, I've already enabled the usage of local mode to get a predefined video file. But that's for the video. I can do the same though, possibly for the voice component.

1:40pm: Hotfix is done. Now I am implementing the actual features for this week. I also probably need to review the plan a little bit closer and figure out what the backend is going to look like and actually have information on that because I want to actually begin to stitch together the backend as well.

I want to also build out the personas now, but on the front-end side, and also possibly full stack.

6:58pm: I just checked, and I think Clerk for auth actually looks quite simpler than Supabase, especially since Clerk is purely auth. It looks like their flow of doing is actually a lot more straightforward than doing a ps superbase for some reason. Something to note when I need to add auth for this app
