# 2025-07-30

12:53pm: Going to finish this draft today.

Some notes:
For PonteAI work, can create 3 apps

- one internal, with separate tabs for (1) creating the videos and (2) adding new clients
- one for customers, which is a requests intake form
- one for clients, for onboarding them

These can have 3 separate routes on the same app?

Can connect everything to Supabase backend

Also, I should use ShadCN components.

Maybe I can explore those templates I saw? I can:
- Continue the demo that I already have
- Simultaneously, within the repo for PonteAI, I can use the template and then start actually creating the frontend for what I want the app to eventually look like. This is all frontend work so hopefully should be straightforward.

What I actually want to do:
- I don't think I have to even do the SQL-based backend. Right now, I just need to have something that works. So you click a persona, type the message, and then press Submit, and it creates the video.It doesn't have to be anything in real-time at all. This is just completely internal.I should also add a feedback form to see what the generations look like and if anyone has any comments or feedback on how it looks.But I'll do the feedback form after the fact. Let's just do this first.
- So, in order of things to build:
  - Get the "pick persona -> type message -> create video" workflow to work at all.
  - Then, connect to Supabase to save assets.
  - Then add feedback form.

Once these are built, that MVP is done.

Simultaneously, as I'm getting htis to work, I can start on the customer-facing frontend (in the client repo). I'll have the client-facing version (which'll be the prod version) have 3 default routes, "request-talent", "onboard-client", and "generate-avatar". I'll have the "onboard-client" and "generate-avatar" be placeholders for now.

1:01pm: I'll have Cursor finish up the current tickets as these are just frontend changes. Then I'll create a new project for doing the actual connection logic.

While that runs, I'll start the frontend.

2:33pm: So Cursor and Claude just did a one-shot of the front-end, this exact front-end that I wanted, and it looked super slick and super nice. I'm just going to actually change my work now where I just code everything in that because the front-end clearly works and works as intended. I'm going to now just stitch together the backend for the AI generation component.
